Ans 1:  In Java, conditional operators check the condition and decides the desired result on the basis of both conditions. In this section, we will discuss the conditional operator in Java.

Types of Conditional Operator
There are three types of the conditional operator in Java:

Conditional AND
Conditional OR
Ternary Operator

Ans 2: There are three types of the conditional operator in Java:

      Conditional AND
      Conditional OR
      Ternary Operator
      Unary Operator

Ans 3: The switch case in java is used to select one of many code blocks for execution. Break keyword: As java reaches a break keyword, the control breaks out of the switch block. 
       The execution of code stops on encountering this keyword, and the case testing inside the block ends as the match is found.

Ans 4: Multiplication, division and remainder operations are applied first. If an expression contains several such operations, they're applied from left to right.
         Multiplication, division and remainder operators have the same level of precedence.

Ans 5: In Java, there are two forms of conditional statements: • the if-else statement, to choose between two alternatives; • the switch statement, to choose between multiple alternatives.

Ans 6:     Syntax:

            if(condition)
            {  
               //code if condition is true  
            }
            else
            {  
               //code if condition is false  
            } 

Ans 7:The three types of iteration constructs are:
     For loop: Executes a set of statements a fixed number of times.
     While loop: Repeats a set of statements while a given condition is true.
     Do-while loop: Repeats a set of statements at least once and then continues to repeat as long as a given condition is true.

Ans 8:           For loop	                                                         Do-While loop


     Statement(s) is executed once the condition is checked.	Condition is checked after the statement(s) is executed.
     It might be that statement(s) gets executed zero times.	Statement(s) is executed at least once.
     For the single statement, bracket is not compulsory.    	Brackets are always compulsory.
     Initialization may be outside or in condition box.	      Initialization may be outside or within the loop.
     for loop is entry controlled loop.	                        do-while is exit controlled loop.